Simple ToDo-Frequently Asked Questions(FAQ)

This "Frequently Asked Questions" document will be updated continually to accomodate new information with respect to new updates and changes on the app and will be used in the app to help users find answers to their questions.

What is Simple ToDo?

This is simple task management application which helps in keeping you from missing out on important things.

How do I create tasks?

This can be done by using the "+" button at the bottom right of the page.

How do I delete a tasks?

This can be done by swiping on a task to any direction.

Can I change the position of tasks on the task list?

Yes. This can be done by tapping and holding on a task followed by moving it either upwards or downwards.

How do I set reminders for tasks?

This can be done by creating a task and activating the "Set reminder" option.

Can I set a date and time to be reminded of a task?

Yes. This can be done by creating a task, activating the reminder option and setting the date and time respectively.

Can I search for tasks?

Yes. This can be done by using the search button which can be found at the top right corner of the tasks page. It is the second icon from the right to be precise.

Do I get notified on my created tasks?

Yes. You are notified of all created tasks by default. It displays on the notification area of your device.

How do I turn off task notifications?

This can be done by unchecking the "enable general notification" box in the settings page.

Is there a notification sound for reminders?

Yes, notification sounds have been set by default for reminders.

Can I set my own notification sound?

Yes. This can be done by tapping gthe notification sound option on the settings page.

How do I move my tasks to another phone?

This can be done by using the backup & restore feature.

How do I back up my tasks?

This can be done by tapping the backup option on the settings page(there will be a need to allow storage permission).

Will previous backups be affected?

Yes. When a new backup is created, the previous backup file is deleted. However, a message will appear to warn you before taking action.

How do I restore backups? 

This can be done by tapping the restore backup option on the settings page and tasks are automatically restored from the default backup location.

Where can I leave feedbacks or suggestions or report bugs?

You can leave them on our app page on Google Play Store
Or you can report them directly on:

+Our Github issue page - https://github.com/Jizzu/SimpleToDo/issues
